Getting and Cleaning Data Course Project

Before merging training and test sets together, we need to have a tidy data set of training and test respectively which contains measurements, activity labels and subjects. So we first read the following data frames: X_train, y_train, subject_train. After reading them, we check their dimensions to see how to merge them together. We can see that all three data frames have 7352 observations, so we can use cbind function to merge those data frames. However, not all measurements in X_train do we need, we just select columns that are concerning to mean and standard deviation. Read features data frame which contains the names of each measurements of X_train. Use grep function to find which rows are measurements on means and standard deviation and you can extract columns you want by using the vector you get from the previous action. Now we can merge the extracted X_train data frame with y_train and subject_train to get a tidy data set of training data named new_train. Rename new_train.
Do the same process to get a tidy data set of test data named new_test. Combine new_train and new_test by using rbind function. The newly combined data frame named newdata. Replace the numbers of the activity column with corresponding activity labels. 
Reshape newdata data frame by using melt function. Use aggregate function to group data by subject and activity, and calculate means of each measurement. And this is the final tidy data set that we want.
Convert it into a .txt file by using write.table function.
